## Reporting
#### [Open source Power BI alternatives](https://www.reddit.com/r/selfhosted/comments/tqz1vz/comment/i2yctoe/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button)

1. **Zoho Reports**: Zoho Reports is another Open-Source Business Intelligence software that was created to offer analytical data reports and dashboards to the business community. It's a fantastic tool for graphically analyzing data and creating helpful reports. Two people can utilize the program at the same time. For real-time data analysis and limitless reports and dashboards, Zoho is an excellent option. The most appealing feature of Zoho Reports is its indefinite cloud storage with no file size limitations.
2. **Pentaho** Community Edition: Pentaho is a Business Intelligence platform that combines analytics and data integration to visualize data and produce analytical reports. Pentaho is a Hitachi-owned Open-Source Company Intelligence software application that provides a variety of BI choices to meet your business needs and provide output in various formats, including Excel, PDFs, and HTML.
3. **BIRT**: BIRT is an open-source business intelligence (BI) tool that can be used to produce data visualizations and reports that can be incorporated into web applications. The major components are a visual report designer, a runtime component for creating designs, and a charting engine. The platform has over 12 million downloads, and the BIRT Developer Center offers a community center.
4. **Metabase**: Metabase is a SQL-based interface with a graphical query builder for streaming data (including music streams), security investigations, fraud protection, and onboarding. Many users utilize it for data warehouses, microservices, and even the software development lifecycle.
5. **Tableau Public**: Tableau Public is a free BI tool that lets users build interactive charts and live dashboards, which they can subsequently publish online, embed on a website, or share on social media. Material can also be tailored for use on a PC, tablet, or smartphone. Tableau also integrates with Google Sheets, and data can be refreshed automatically once a day.
6. [redash](https://github.com/getredash/redash)
7. [LinceBI](https://www.lincebi.com/)
